Add lacework-workload-security-agent, threat-stack-linux-agent, qualys-cloud-agent and vmware-carbon-black files (#126)
odidev/ecosystem-dashboard-for-arm: content/commercial_packages/lacework-workload-security-agent.md

---
name: Workload Security Agent
vendor: Lacework
category: Security applications

> description: The Lacework Linux agent provides threat detection, file integrity monitoring, vulnerability detection, and host-based intrusion detection for the	cloud or on-premises Linux OS-based workloads.

Author: ```suggestion
description: The Lacework Linux agent provides threat detection, file integrity monitoring, vulnerability detection, and host-based intrusion detection for the cloud or on-premises Linux OS-based workloads.
```

product_url: https://www.lacework.com/
works_on_arm: true
release_date_on_arm: 18/11/2020

optional_info:
    homepage_url: https://www.lacework.com/
    support_caveats:
    alternative_options:
    getting_started_resources:
        arm_content:

>         vendor_announcement: https://www.lacework.com/blog/lacework-security-for-aws-graviton2-arm-based-infrastructure-why-it-matters/

Author: is there any other announcement/blog for 18/11/2020?

Author: No

        official_docs: https://docs.lacework.net/onboarding/agent-installation-prerequisites

optional_hidden_info:

>     other_info: The official arm64 release is prior to vendor announcement blog. Please refer this [link](https://docs.lacework.net/releases/2020-11-01_november-2020-agent-release).

Author: ```suggestion
    other_info: The official arm64 release is prior to vendor announcement blog. Kindly refer [here](https://docs.lacework.net/releases/2020-11-01_november-2020-agent-release).
```
